Update token pool spec (#226)
runtimeverification/michelson-semantics: tests/proofs/dexter/dexter-spec.md

      orBool IsUpdating
      orBool Sender =/=K CurrentManager
      orBool LQTAddress =/=K #Address("tz1Ke2h7sDdakHJQh8WX4Z372du1KChsksyU")
      */
```

## Update Token Pool

The contract queries its underlying token contract for its own token balance if the following conditions are satisfied:

1.  the token pool is _not_ currently updating (i.e. `storage.selfIsUpdatingTokenPool = false`)
2.  exactly 0 tez was transferred to this contract when it was invoked
3.  the txn sender must be equal to the txn source
4.  if we are running the FA2 version of Dexter, then check that the contract at address `storage.tokenAddress` has a well-typed FA2 `balance_of` entrypoint;
    otherwise, check that the contract at address `storage.tokenAddress` has a well-typed FA12 `get_balance` entrypoint.

```k
  claim <k> #runProof(IsFA2, UpdateTokenPool) => . </k>
        <stack> .Stack </stack>
        <selfIsUpdatingTokenPool> false => true </selfIsUpdatingTokenPool>
        <tokenAddress> TokenAddress:Address </tokenAddress>

        <myaddr> SelfAddress </myaddr>
        <myamount> #Mutez(Amount) </myamount>
        <senderaddr> Sender </senderaddr>
        <sourceaddr> Sender </sourceaddr>

>         <paramtype> #Type(nat) </paramtype>  // Why does this work????? Why would this be the type???

Reviewer: This has to do with the fact that our semantics has never correctly handled a concept called `entrypoints`; unfortunately, this contract uses the entrypoints feature. What happens is: the contract has a certain parameter type.  Typically, when you invoke a contract, you pass in some value of the parameter type.

However, when the parameter type is a nested `or` type, we can label the leaves of the `or` with an entrypoint annotation. When you invoke a contract with an entrypoint, you don't need to mention the nested `or` part ---  you just need the entrypoint name and the leaf type.

In this case, the contract is looking up the type of its `update_token_pool_internal` entrypoint is --- (which is `nat`). However, the contract does not actually check that this entrypoint has any type in particular. It just fowards this information along to the contract that it later inovkes as a callback.

Author: So why would we need to have this type set when we are calling `update_token_pool`? I'd understand if we were calling `update_token_pool_internal`. Does this mean we can't handle more then one callback?

        <knownaddrs> KnownAddresses </knownaddrs>

>         <returncode> 111 => ?_ </returncode> //  This is necessary if we hit an #Assume(false), I think that means we're on an "impossible" branch? So it's correct to include it?

Reviewer: This should not be necessary, as far as I know. My understanding is: if we can reach a point where the returncode changed, we can reach a point where the return code has not changed and all other parts of the state are identical.

Author: well, this is to do with the fact that we hit an `#Assume(false)` it seems, and that only rewrites to `.` by rewriting the return-code, right?

Reviewer: Oh, you're right. This rule:

```
rule <k> #Assume(false) ... </k>
     <returncode> 111 => 0 </returncode>
```

was added recently. This rule is no longer necessary; it should be deleted.

>         <paramtype> #Type(nat) </paramtype>  // Why does this work????? Why would this be the type???
>         <knownaddrs> KnownAddresses </knownaddrs>
>         <returncode> 111 => ?_ </returncode> //  This is necessary if we hit an #Assume(false), I think that means we're on an "impossible" branch? So it's correct to include it?
>         <operations> _ => [ Transfer_tokens Pair SelfAddress #Contract ( SelfAddress , nat ) #Mutez (0) TokenAddress ?_ ] ;; .InternalList </operations>
>         <nonce> #Nonce(O) => #Nonce(O +Int 1) </nonce>
>     requires Amount ==Int 0
>      andBool notBool IsFA2
>      andBool TokenAddress in_keys(KnownAddresses)
>      andBool KnownAddresses[TokenAddress] ==K #Contract(TokenAddress, #Type(pair address (contract nat)))
>      andBool KnownAddresses[SelfAddress] ==K #Contract(SelfAddress, SelfType)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <paramtype> #Type(nat) </paramtype>  // NOTE: return type of `update_token_pool_internal` entrypoint
        <knownaddrs> KnownAddresses </knownaddrs>
        <operations> _ => [ Transfer_tokens Pair SelfAddress #Contract ( SelfAddress , nat ) #Mutez(0) TokenAddress ?_ ] ;; .InternalList </operations>
        <nonce> #Nonce(O) => #Nonce(O +Int 1) </nonce>
    requires Amount ==Int 0
     andBool notBool IsFA2
     andBool TokenAddress in_keys(KnownAddresses)
     andBool KnownAddresses[TokenAddress] ==K #Contract(TokenAddress, #Type(pair address (contract nat)))
```

Reviewer: The `<returncode>` cell modification was not needed as far as I could tell --- at least, I applied the same diff to my local codebase (modulo any typos I made) and it worked.

Author: Great, thanks!

      orBool LQTAddress =/=K #Address("tz1Ke2h7sDdakHJQh8WX4Z372du1KChsksyU")
```

## Update Token Pool

The contract queries its underlying token contract for its own token balance if the following conditions are satisfied:

1.  the token pool is _not_ currently updating (i.e. `storage.selfIsUpdatingTokenPool = false`)
2.  exactly 0 tez was transferred to this contract when it was invoked
3.  the txn sender must be equal to the txn source
4.  if we are running the FA2 version of Dexter, then check that the contract at address `storage.tokenAddress` has a well-typed FA2 `balance_of` entrypoint;
    otherwise, check that the contract at address `storage.tokenAddress` has a well-typed FA12 `get_balance` entrypoint.

> - TODO: Combine these positive cases into one spec.
> - TODO: Negative case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It seems these comments were already taken care of. Is that correct?
